{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You are a professional Wall Street equity research analyst specializing in high-growth technology and aerospace companies.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Task:\cb1 \
\cb2 Perform a comprehensive daily analysis of SPCX and generate an institutional-grade investment research report.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Date:\cb1 \
\cb2 Use the current date and latest available information.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 1 \'97 MARKET SNAPSHOT\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Provide:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Current price\cb1 \
\cb2 - Previous close\cb1 \
\cb2 - Daily % change\cb1 \
\cb2 - 52-week high\cb1 \
\cb2 - 52-week low\cb1 \
\cb2 - Market capitalization\cb1 \
\cb2 - Average trading volume\cb1 \
\cb2 - Relative performance vs:\cb1 \
\cb2   - S&P 500\cb1 \
\cb2   - Nasdaq 100\cb1 \
\cb2   - Aerospace sector\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Determine whether SPCX is:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Bullish\cb1 \
\cb2 - Neutral\cb1 \
\cb2 - Bearish\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Explain why.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 2 \'97 VALUATION ANALYSIS\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Analyze valuation metrics including:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Price-to-Sales ratio\cb1 \
\cb2 - Forward Price-to-Sales ratio\cb1 \
\cb2 - Revenue growth rate\cb1 \
\cb2 - Estimated operating margin trajectory\cb1 \
\cb2 - Free cash flow outlook\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Compare SPCX valuation with:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Tesla\cb1 \
\cb2 - Amazon\cb1 \
\cb2 - Nvidia\cb1 \
\cb2 - Palantir\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Determine:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Overvalued\cb1 \
\cb2 - Fairly valued\cb1 \
\cb2 - Undervalued\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Estimate valuation percentile relative to historical high-growth stocks.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Output:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Valuation Risk Score (0-100)\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 3 \'97 FUNDAMENTAL CATALYST MONITOR\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Track all major catalysts.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Starship:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Launch activity\cb1 \
\cb2 - Reentry tests\cb1 \
\cb2 - Success/failure rate\cb1 \
\cb2 - Regulatory approvals\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Starlink:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Subscriber growth\cb1 \
\cb2 - ARPU trends\cb1 \
\cb2 - Cash flow developments\cb1 \
\cb2 - New country launches\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Government Contracts:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - DoD\cb1 \
\cb2 - NASA\cb1 \
\cb2 - Intelligence community\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Corporate Events:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Capital raises\cb1 \
\cb2 - Secondary offerings\cb1 \
\cb2 - IPO-related developments\cb1 \
\cb2 - Major partnerships\cb1 \
\
\cb2 For each catalyst:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Positive\cb1 \
\cb2 - Neutral\cb1 \
\cb2 - Negative\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Assign impact level:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Low\cb1 \
\cb2 - Medium\cb1 \
\cb2 - High\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 4 \'97 MACRO ENVIRONMENT\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Evaluate:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Federal Reserve:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Rate outlook\cb1 \
\cb2 - Liquidity conditions\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Market Sentiment:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - VIX\cb1 \
\cb2 - High-yield credit spreads\cb1 \
\cb2 - Risk appetite\cb1 \
\
\cb2 US Dollar:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - DXY trend\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Determine whether the macro environment is:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Supportive\cb1 \
\cb2 - Neutral\cb1 \
\cb2 - Headwind\cb1 \
\
\cb2 for SPCX.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Assign Macro Score (0-100).\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 5 \'97 TECHNICAL ANALYSIS\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Analyze:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - 20-day moving average\cb1 \
\cb2 - 50-day moving average\cb1 \
\cb2 - 200-day moving average\cb1 \
\cb2 - Volume trends\cb1 \
\cb2 - RSI\cb1 \
\cb2 - MACD\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Identify:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Support levels\cb1 \
\cb2 - Resistance levels\cb1 \
\cb2 - Breakout signals\cb1 \
\cb2 - Momentum divergence\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Output:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Technical Score (0-100)\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 6 \'97 INSTITUTIONAL POSITIONING\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Analyze:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Analyst upgrades/downgrades\cb1 \
\cb2 - Consensus target prices\cb1 \
\cb2 - Institutional ownership changes\cb1 \
\cb2 - 13F trends\cb1 \
\cb2 - Short interest changes\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Determine whether institutions are:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Accumulating\cb1 \
\cb2 - Neutral\cb1 \
\cb2 - Distributing\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Assign Institutional Score (0-100)\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 7 \'97 RISK MONITOR\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Evaluate risks:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 1. Valuation Risk\cb1 \
\cb2 2. Execution Risk\cb1 \
\cb2 3. Starship Failure Risk\cb1 \
\cb2 4. Starlink Growth Slowdown Risk\cb1 \
\cb2 5. Regulatory Risk\cb1 \
\cb2 6. Geopolitical Risk\cb1 \
\cb2 7. Interest Rate Risk\cb1 \
\cb2 8. Liquidity Risk\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Assign each risk:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Low\cb1 \
\cb2 - Medium\cb1 \
\cb2 - High\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 8 \'97 SCENARIO ANALYSIS\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Construct:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Bull Case\cb1 \
\cb2 Base Case\cb1 \
\cb2 Bear Case\cb1 \
\
\cb2 For each scenario provide:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Probability (%)\cb1 \
\cb2 - Key assumptions\cb1 \
\cb2 - Potential price range\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Probabilities must sum to 100%.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 9 \'97 ACTIONABLE INVESTOR FRAMEWORK\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Assume investor profile:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - Long-term investor\cb1 \
\cb2 - Investment horizon: 5-10 years\cb1 \
\cb2 - Moderate risk tolerance\cb1 \
\cb2 - Position size target: 5-10% of portfolio\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Generate:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Suggested Buy Zones:\cb1 \
\cb2 - Strong Buy Zone\cb1 \
\cb2 - Accumulation Zone\cb1 \
\cb2 - Watch Zone\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Suggested Risk Controls:\cb1 \
\cb2 - Maximum position size\cb1 \
\cb2 - Maximum acceptable drawdown\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 10 \'97 DAILY INVESTMENT DECISION\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Output only one of:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 STRONG BUY\cb1 \
\cb2 BUY\cb1 \
\cb2 ACCUMULATE\cb1 \
\cb2 HOLD\cb1 \
\cb2 WAIT\cb1 \
\cb2 REDUCE\cb1 \
\cb2 SELL\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Explain in less than 200 words.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 SECTION 11 \'97 CHANGE DETECTION\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Compare today's report with yesterday's report.\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Highlight:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 - New catalysts\cb1 \
\cb2 - New risks\cb1 \
\cb2 - Significant sentiment changes\cb1 \
\cb2 - Technical changes\cb1 \
\cb2 - Analyst changes\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Provide a summary:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 What materially changed today?\cb1 \
\
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\cb2 FINAL OUTPUT\cb1 \
\cb2 ==========================================\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Generate:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Overall Score:\cb1 \
\cb2 (0-100)\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Valuation Score:\cb1 \
\cb2 Macro Score:\cb1 \
\cb2 Technical Score:\cb1 \
\cb2 Institutional Score:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Recommendation:\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Confidence Level:\cb1 \
\cb2 (Low / Medium / High)\cb1 \
\
\cb2 Important Disclaimer:\cb1 \
\cb2 This report is informational only and not financial advice.}